6.8.0: Add release notes (#3989)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.8/release-notes.md

---

## 6.8.0 release notes

> **August 24, 2022** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.8.0, is now available for download.

Author: ```suggestion
**August 25, 2022** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.8.0, is now available for download.
```

> **August 25, 2022** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.8.0, is now available for download.

Author: ```suggestion
**August 26, 2022** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.8.0, is now available for download.
```

> **August 26, 2022** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.8.0, is now available for download.

Author: ```suggestion
**August 29, 2022** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.8.0, is now available for download.
```

> Sensu Go 6.8.0 delivers a mix of new features, valuable improvements, and helpful fixes. The new /ready API endpoint provides information about backend readiness, and the api-serve-wait-time and agent-serve-wait-time backend configuration options can help prevent instability during sensu-backend startup. The web UI now includes dedicated resource pages for assets, pipelines, role-based access control (RBAC) resources, and secrets. Plus, those resource pages now include details that give you more information about your resources at a glance. We've also fixed bugs that could cause backend crashes or result in incorrect event.check.issued values and improved prioritization to prevent keepalive event creation storms.

Author: ```suggestion
Sensu Go 6.8.0 delivers a mix of new features, valuable improvements, and helpful fixes. The new /ready API endpoint provides information about backend readiness, and the api-serve-wait-time and agent-serve-wait-time backend configuration options can help prevent instability during sensu-backend startup. The web UI now includes dedicated resource pages for assets, pipelines, role-based access control (RBAC) resources, and secrets. Plus, the resource pages now include details that give you more information about your resources at a glance. We've also fixed bugs that could cause backend crashes or result in incorrect event.check.issued values and improved prioritization to prevent keepalive event creation storms.
```

Read the [upgrade guide][1] to upgrade Sensu to version 6.8.0.

**NEW FEATURES:**

- Added the [api-serve-wait-time][300] and [agent-serve-wait-time][301] backend configuration options.
Use api-serve-wait-time to delay serving API requests and agent-serve-wait-time to delay accepting agent connections after starting the backend.
- Added the [/ready API endpoint][299] to provide HTTP GET access to information about whether a Sensu instance is ready to serve API requests and accept agent connections.

**IMPROVEMENTS:**

- ([Commercial feature][295]) The web UI now includes [resource pages][297] for assets, pipelines, role-based access control (RBAC) resources, and secrets.

> - ([Commercial feature][295]) In the web UI, individual resource pages now render resources in an infinite list, with a total row count provided at the bottom-right of the list.

Author: ```suggestion
- ([Commercial feature][295]) In the web UI, resource pages now render resources in an infinite list, with a total row count provided at the bottom-right of the list.
```

> - ([Commercial feature][295]) The resource pages in the web UI now display additional information about each resource.

Author: ```suggestion
- ([Commercial feature][295]) The resource pages in the web UI now display additional information about each resource, such as subscriptions, labels, API versions, and command attribute values.
```

> - ([Commercial feature][295]) The web UI now displays additional information on resource pages: API version and labels for entities, filters, handlers, mutators, pipelines, RBAC, and secrets; API version and number of builds for assets.

Author: ```suggestion
- ([Commercial feature][295]) The resource pages in the web UI now display additional information about each resource.
```

[292]: /sensu-go/5.16/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/backend/#etcd-discovery-srv
[293]: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-37315
[294]: /sensu-go/6.7/web-ui/webconfig-reference/#license_expiry_reminder
[295]: /sensu-go/6.8/commercial/
[296]: /sensu-go/6.8/web-ui/#view-system-information
[297]: /sensu-go/6.8/web-ui/view-manage-resources/#manage-configuration-resources
[298]: /sensu-go/6.8/observability-pipeline/observe-events/events/#issued_attribute
[299]: /sensu-go/6.8/api/other/ready/

> [300]: /sensu-go/6.8/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/backend/#agent-serve-wait-time

Author: ```suggestion
[300]: /sensu-go/6.8/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/backend/#api-serve-wait-time
```
